Question 1: Operating a Pump (3 marks)

Consider the factory below. Wastewater from the factory becomes the inflow to the storage tank. Once the amount of wastewater in the tank reaches a threshold, the pump activates to empty the tank. The output from the pump is called the outflow.

    At every hourly time step, an inflow arrives at the tank and is added to the current contents of the tank (i.e., the wastewater remaining from the previous hour).
    You can always assume that the tank is initially empty at the start of the time series of inflows.
    If the combined volume of the current contents of the tank plus the new inflow in the current hour reaches or exceeds the tank capacity, then the pump will operate to instantaneously remove the wastewater in the tank.
    Each time the pump operates, the amount of wastewater removed is equal to the volume of the tank. It repeats this operation multiple times if necessary, For example, if the current contents is 4 units, the tank capacity is 5 units, and the inflow is 8 units, then the pump will operate twice to create an outflow of 2 x 5 = 10 units, leaving the remaining 2 units in the tank.

Scenario 1
Consider the following example, where the tank capacity is 5, and it is initially empty. The time series of hourly inflows is [3,4,7].

The number of times the pump operates each hour is [0, 1, 1].

Scenario 2
What if the tank capacity is 2, and the time series of hourly inflows is [3, 4, 7]?

The number of times the pump operates each hour is [1, 2, 4].

Scenario 3
What if the tank capacity is 3, and the time series of hourly inflows is [2, 0, 2, 0]?

The number of times the pump operates each hour is [0, 0, 1, 0].

Write a function so that given the capacity of the tank and the hourly inflows, will return the number of times the pump is operated at each hour: pump_operations_lte(capacity, inflows)

capacity: the capacity of the tank as an integer greater than zero.

inflows: a list of integers corresponding to the hourly inflows, where the list has a length greater than zero, and each integer is greater than or equal to zero.

Returns a list of the number of times the pump was operated each hour. Note that the length of the returned list should be the same as the length of inflows.
Assumptions:

You can assume that the tank is initially empty before the inflows arrive.
Example calls:
```
>>>pump_operations_lte(5, [3, 4, 7])

[0, 1, 1]

>>>pump_operations_lte(2, [3, 4, 7])

[1, 2, 4]

>>>pump_operations_lte(3, [2, 0, 2, 0])

[0, 0, 1, 0]
```