The wastewater treatment plant uses a complex series of chemical processes to remove unwanted compounds from the water.
Ideally, the treatment plant runs at maximum efficiency when the volume of the inflow to the plant is a fixed constant at each time step.
The more volatile the inflow (i.e., the greater the variation in inflow volume), the less efficient is the plant, as it has to cater for the peak flow.

How can we measure the volatility of a time series?

Consider the following time series:
[8, 6, 9, 9, 15, 12, 11, 10]

    This time series goes through a series of locally maximum and minimum values, e.g., it starts at 8, decreases to a minimum of 6, then increases to a maximum of 15, and then decreases to a minimum of 10.
    The biggest difference in value between two successive maximum and minimum values in the sequence is from 6 to 15, i.e., an absolute difference of 9.
    We define the volatility of a given time series as the absolute value of the biggest difference between two successive maximum and minimum values.

For example, the following time series have their volatility as shown:

Note that volatility is defined to be greater than or equal to zero.

You need to write a function that returns the volatility of a given time series of levels: volatility_lte(levels)

levels: a time series of flow levels, represented as a list of non-negative integer values (i.e., each value in levels is ≥ 0). Note that the list will contain at least two values.

Returns the absolute value of the biggest difference between two successive maximum and minimum values in levels.
