Question 3: Next Flow Prediction (4 marks)

To optimise the operation of the treatment plant, it is important to predict what the next flow value is likely to be, so that adjustments can be made to balance the flows.
One simple way to make a prediction of the next value in a time series of n values is to compare that time series to a collection of other time series that have been observed in the past. We can pick to past time series that is most similar to the current time series. Then we use the next value in the most similar past time series as our prediction for the next value in the current time series.

Consider the current time series [8, 7, 5], where we want to predict the next value in the time series.
We are given the following past time series to learn from, where each past time series has one more value than the current time series.
[3, 6, 1, 7] [7, 6, 5, 4] [2, 2, 2, 2]
We want to choose the past time series whose first three values are most similar to the current time series. Then we can use the last value of the chosen past time series as our prediction for the next value of the current time series.

How do we decide which is the most similar time series to the current time series?
Compute the sum of the absolute differences between the values of each time series. A lower sum means greater similarity. If the current time series is [8, 7, 5],

So time series [7, 6, 5, 4] is most similar to [8, 7, 5], and we use the next value of that time series, i.e., 4, as our predicted value for the current time series.

You need to write a function that returns the predicted value in the current time series based on the given list of previous time series: predict_lte(current, past)

current: a list of non-negative integer values representing the current time series. Note that the list will have at least one value.

past: a list of past time series, where each time series is a list of non-negative integer values, and the length of each time series is one greater than the length of the current time series.

Returns the last value of the time series in past that is most similar to the time series in current.
Note that if multiple time series in past are equally similar to current, then pick the one that appears first in past.
