So far we can compute the inflows to the treatment plant (based on the pump operations), measure their volatility and predict the flow in the next hour.
Our aim in this question is to look at how we can balance the load at the treatment plant by delaying the inflows from one factory (e.g., by using a temporary holding tank).

Consider the following two time series of flows arriving at the treatment plant at the same time:
f1 = [7, 2, 5] f2 = [4, 3, 9]
If these two flows are processed at the same time, then the combined load on the plant each hour is the sum of the flows at each hour in these two time series: [11, 5, 14]
In this question, we will use a simple method to calculate the volatility of the load at the plant by computing the difference between the maximum and minimum hourly values in the combined time series: volatility = 14 – 5 = 9

Suppose we have the option to store one of the flows in a holding tank, so that the flow can be delayed to smooth out the volatility of the combined load. If each time series in n hours long, we will assume that we have the options of delaying either one of the two incoming time series by 1 hour, or 2 hours, …or n-1 hours.

In this example, n = 3, so we have the following options: delay flow 1 by 1 hour, delay flow 1 by 2 hours, delay flow 2 by 1 hour, or delay flow 2 by 2 hours.
We can then compute the combined load for each of these options, and compute the volatility of for each of these combined load options.

Let’s compute each of these options.

Assumptions:

    The two input flows are the same length.
    If a flow is delayed 1 hour, then we add a 0 to the start of that flow, and add a 0 to the end of the other flow.
    In general, if a flow is delayed k hours, we add k zeroes to the start of that flow, and add k zeroes to the end of the other flow. We’ll call this “padding by zero”.
    If each input flow is of length n hours, then the maximum delay we will consider is n - 1 hours. In our example, n = 3. So the maximum delay is 3 – 1 = 2 hours.
    If the input flows are of length n, then the total number of options we need to consider is 2 x (n – 1) + 1

In this question you need to write a function that returns the volatility of the best load balance that can be obtained for the two given input flows: balance_lte(flows1, flows2)

flows1, flows2: each is a list of flow values (integers ≥ 0). Note that both flows1 and flows2 have the same length.

Returns the volatility of the combined load that achieves the best load balance. Volatility is defined as the (maximum value of combined load) – (minimum value of combined load). If the length of flows1 is n, then you need to consider all options where flows1 is delayed by 1,…,(n-1) hours, all options where flows2 is delayed by 1,…,(n-1) hours, and where neither flow is delayed.
