Learning to reason

In this question we will write an auxiliary function search(negation_edges, visited, start, color) which will then be used in Q4 to infer as many hat colors as possible. The function takes

    the negation_edges (Q2). Values can be provided as a list OR (better) as a set since we are no longer interested in the order of nodes, and sets are optimised for fast membership testing (and remove duplicates)
    a dictionary of already visited nodes (gnome ID: color (as a boolean value, False – black, True – white)). Note that the color stored in visited is the opposite color of the gnome - if the gnome wears False (black), we store True (white) in visited instead.
    a node to start search (gnome ID) and its color (False/True)

and returns the whites and blacks in the graph (a tuple of two lists, just like Q1).

The dictionary of visited nodes should be updated each time we resolve/label the color of a new node (gnome’s hat). If any contradiction is found between any node being processed and the ones in visited, the function returns None. There's no need to revisit any previously visited nodes. Since we are working with negated nodes, visited will also contain the opposite node color (for convenience).

def search(negation_edges, visited, start, color)

    Input: a graph (dictionary) of negation edges, labelled nodes (visited), a node to start reasoning from with its color
    Returns: a tuple of two sorted lists

The function resembles the iterative version of the DFS algorithm.

Sample runs:

Example 1:

> > > print(search({6: {2}, 11: {2}, 3: {2}, 2:{11, 3, 6, 4}, 4: {2, 5}, 5:{4, 8}, 8: {5}, 9: {1}, 1: {9}}, {}, 11, False))

> > > ([2, 5], [3, 4, 6, 8, 11])

Explanation:

Suppose we have the following graph based on negated edges {6: {2}, 11: {2}, 3: {2}, 2: {11, 3, 6, 4}, 4: {2, 5}, 5: {4, 8}, 8: {5}, 9: {1}, 1: {9}}

Assume that we start with node (gnome ID) 11, assigning it to black, and the visited dictionary is empty. The resulting graph should be then:

i.e. the function should return ([2, 5], [3, 4, 6, 8, 11]).

Example 2:

This example has the same negation edges as Example 1 but the visited dictionary has a gnome ID 4 that is black (not True). Subsequent nodes after the branch of the visited node are not to be 'searched' further.

> > > print(search({6: {2}, 11: {2}, 3: {2}, 2:{11, 3, 6, 4}, 4: {2, 5}, 5:{4, 8}, 8: {5}, 9: {1}, 1: {9}}, {4: True}, 11, False))

> > > ([2], [3, 4, 6, 11])

Example 3:

Using the same negation edges from Example 1, this is a example of a contradiction found between a node being processed and one in visited. Here gnome ID 4 is listed as white (not False). The output should return None.

> > > print(search({6: {2}, 11: {2}, 3: {2}, 2: {11, 3, 6, 4}, 4: {2, 5}, 5:{4, 8}, 8: {5}, 9: {1}, 1: {9}}, {4: False}, 11, False))

> > > None

Example 4:

In this example we start with Gnome ID 6 (white hat), we also have a gnome ID 3 (not False = white) in visited. The resulting list of gnomes in white hats would be [3,6,7] (3 comes from visited, 6 is the starting one, and 7 is linked to 6 through 4 (the black one)).

> > > print(search({4: {6, 7}, 6: {4}, 7: {4}, 21: {33}, 33: {21}}, {3: False}, 6, True))

([3, 6, 7], [4])

Example 5 (Added on 10 Oct):

In this example we start with Gnome ID 0 (white hat). 0 it is already in the visited list, so we don't search its neighbours. As a result, the stack is empty with no more gnomes to check, and we return ([0], []).

> > > print(search({0: {1}, 1: {0}}, {0: False}, 0, True))

([0], [])
